- adidas 1
ADIDAS NMD_R1-CORE BLACK/BLK
IDR2,300,000

We made the adidas NMD_R1 shoes to help you tackle your daily challenges and adventures. But this pair is also made to celebrate your love of sport. Bright colours are borrowed from football team colours — a celebration that you can wear on the sidelines or out in the city. BOOST cushioning keeps your feet comfortable, whether you're cheering your heart out or going about your day.

This shoe's upper is made with a high-performance yarn which contains at least 50% Parley Ocean Plastic — reimagined plastic waste, intercepted on remote islands, beaches, coastal communities and shorelines, preventing it from polluting our ocean. The other 50% of the yarn is recycled polyester.

- adidas 2
ADIDAS SUPERSTAR 82-FTWR WHITE-WHT
IDR2,300,000

After it flew across the hardwood, the adidas Superstar shoe became an icon of hip hop. After its time on the stage, it became a favourite on city streets. Even those who don't know its story will recognise its famous shell toe. Honouring a version from 1982, these shoes stay true to the retro shape and proportions. The deconstructed upper is the final touch that ties together this clean and classic style.

- adidas 3
ADIDAS OZWEEGO-CINDER
IDR1,800,000

The future? Who knows what could happen. One thing is for sure, though. You're gonna look fresh no matter what. Inspired by bold running shoe silhouettes of the '90s and '00s, these adidas OZWEEGO Shoes stand out with an eye-catching midsole. Adiprene cushioning and a leather and mesh upper combine for sleek style that's comfortable too.

- adidas 4
ADIDAS ULTRABOOST 5.0 DNA-CORE BLACK-CORE
IDR3,300,000

The Ultraboost isn't our first performance running shoe to hold appeal in the realm of fashion. It's just one of the most beloved. That's why we made the Ultraboost DNA Shoes, a lifestyle trainer built off the bones of its more technical namesake. The simplicity of the design shines a spotlight on the pattern of the adidas PRIMEKNIT. And because comfort's a non-negotiable, run or no run, BOOST offers incredible energy return in every step. This shoe's upper is made with a high-performance yarn which contains at least 50% Parley Ocean Plastic ? reimagined plastic waste, intercepted on remote islands, beaches, coastal communities and shorelines, preventing it from polluting our ocean. The other 50% of the yarn is recycled polyester.

- adidas 5
ADIDAS CENTENNIAL 85 LO-CLOUD WHITE/GRY
IDR1,800,000

When the adidas Centennial pulled up to the hardwood decades ago, it quickly set itself apart from the rest. This redesigned version of the shoes honours those roots with a suede upper that nods to their smart beginnings. Perforated details on the toe and the flex on the heel add a pop of retro texture, just like the grooved tread. And you can't miss the 3-Stripes style along the sides.

Made in part with recycled content generated from production waste, e.g. cutting scraps, and post-consumer household waste to avoid the larger environmental impact of producing virgin content.